```yaml
Arguments:
  - id: "A6"
    text: "The Context provides no direct statement that Frankie lives in the desert. All information about desert living is conditional. Without evidence satisfying the antecedent of that conditional, the claim remains false based on the given information. Since the Context explicitly states 'Frankie lives in a colony,' and does not state he lives in the desert, and no other statements imply desert living, the claim is false."
    cate: "S"
    confidence: 0.85
    attacks: {}
  - id: "B1"
    text: "The Context states: 'If Frankie lives in the desert, then he forms symbiotic relationships with other creatures and has protective instincts.' It also states: 'Frankie lives in a colony.' From 'Frankie lives in a colony,' the Context states: 'If Frankie lives in a colony, then he is either a social animal or forms symbiotic relationships with other creatures, but not both.' This means Frankie either forms symbiotic relationships or is social, but not both. The desert-living conditional requires both symbiotic relationships AND protective instincts. If Frankie forms symbiotic relationships (from the colony rule), he might satisfy part of the desert antecedent, but we also know 'Frankie is searching for food' and 'If Frankie is searching for food, he does not necessarily have protective instincts, and vice versa.' This means searching for food and protective instincts are not necessarily linked; protective instincts could still be true. However, the colony rule creates an exclusive OR: symbiotic relationships XOR social animal. The desert condition requires symbiotic relationships. If Frankie has symbiotic relationships, he cannot be social. But we also know 'Frankie does not value companionship' and 'Armadillos that explore in groups value companionship.' If Frankie does not value companionship, he likely does not explore in groups, which might relate to not being social. There's no direct contradiction preventing Frankie from having symbiotic relationships and protective instincts, so the desert condition antecedent could potentially be true, making the claim 'Frankie lives in the desert' not definitively false from the Context."
    confidence: 0.72
    attacks:
      A6: 0.70
  - id: "C1"
    text: "The attack B1 incorrectly assumes the desert condition antecedent could be true. The Context states: 'All curious armadillos dig complex burrows and have protective instincts.' There is no statement that Frankie is a curious armadillo, so we cannot conclude Frankie has protective instincts from that rule. The only other potential source for protective instincts is the desert conditional itself, which is circular. The Context also states: 'Frankie does not rest in his burrow' and 'If Frankie rests in his burrow or sleeps soundly, then he will stay healthy. Frankie does not stay healthy.' From 'Frankie does not stay healthy,' we know the antecedent 'Frankie rests in his burrow or sleeps soundly' is false (by modus tollens). So, Frankie does NOT rest in his burrow AND does NOT sleep soundly. We know 'Frankie enjoys quiet spaces' and 'If Frankie prefers to spend nights alone and enjoys quiet spaces, then he sleeps soundly.' The antecedent requires 'prefers to spend nights alone' AND 'enjoys quiet spaces.' We know Frankie enjoys quiet spaces, but we don't know if he prefers to spend nights alone. In fact, the Context states: 'Frankie either has unique friends or prefers to spend nights alone, but not both.' We don't know which is true. So, we cannot conclude Frankie sleeps soundly. Therefore, we have no evidence Frankie has protective instincts. Without protective instincts, the desert condition antecedent ('he forms symbiotic relationships with other creatures and has protective instincts') cannot be true, because it requires both. Thus, the desert condition antecedent is false, meaning we cannot infer Frankie lives in the desert. The claim 'Frankie lives in the desert' remains false based on the Context."
    confidence: 0.88
    attacks:
      B1: 0.85
```